welcome to common man cocktails I'm your
host Eric Shaw more today we're going to
create the bloody winter this recipe
comes to us from Mitch it's guttin Jager
and some people are gonna be happy
others are gonna be sad and that's okay
cuz we have two we got five shows so
what we're gonna use some cranberry this
is the bloody I don't really know why
but in Jagermeister that's not the
winter this is the hunting I guess I
don't know what part I guess that's the
flavor and normally peppermint schnapps
that's kind of wintery peppermint candy
canes things that taste like peppermint
winter there we go so we're gonna do two
ounces of the spirits and then four
ounces of the cranberry juice and I I
might have pushed I don't remember if i
push this recipe up well it makes
bubbles when you do that I might have
bumped up the recipe to fit in a
highball I can't really remember it
might have been low ball I'm whatever so
we're gonna do the two two in the four
we're gonna shake it it's got a juice so
let's do that oh oh that totally ruins
it when I hold down the metal it doesn't
make that vibrating noise anyway so
let's do that some ice in there chill it
up a little bit start with the Jager and
we'll do two ounces of Jager too so
there's it kind of makes it dark oh it
stops
evil
anyway and we'll do two ounces of the
peppermint schnapps and four ounces of
cranberry juice this of course if you
haven't figured out it's a 2 ounce
measure this is a jigger and that's a
lot of liquid jigger and you're probably
like we're in all those measuring
glasses going few little guys here
that's because I finally got around to
thinking about maybe a bar episode of
bar accessories bar tools episode and so
I had to go buy some stuff and that's
kind of just that's foreshadowing I
think that's foreshadowing and now I've
run into a severe problem my desk is how
to control over there so we're gonna
shake that up I felt something I think I
sprung a leak well put our dad over
there
I got like stuff everywhere here I need
a strainer smell like licorice all right
number one black licorice and captions
oh yeah perfect
see if I got it yeah look at that bloody
winter looks kind of brownie winter well
does it really like a almost like a rich
iced tea
that's the ager all the way home right
there
Oh some peppermint yeah I mentioned I
was kind of afraid to make this one
never have I ever thought to put
together these two ingredients Mitch
this would be the Yeager and the
peppermint I wouldn't be sitting there
gone hmm
your Meister I know peppermint and it
does its job the thing I kind of like is
the jaegers pretty potent yet your takes
over a lot of drinks this is gonna be a
Jager drink but the cranberry juice
double the quantities of Jager you're
getting nice darkness almost like a an
earthy berry with a coating of Jager and
the mint comes later mantissa these guys
should be fighting this out because both
of these drinks really inspires will
attack each other if you call this a
spirit of schnapps all right peppermint
schnapps overwhelms anything if you put
too much this is equal parts of these
two crazy ingredients and there's no
bitterness that you would normally get
from the the cranberry juice it's hard
to explain but it does leave your mouth
fresh like you just had a fresh mint so
if you're maybe maybe if you're going on
a date you make these that way you have
a nice fresh breath of course it will
probably smell a little bit like
Jagermeister so you know they might
think you're an alcoholic just forget
everything I said
there you go mint peppermint in
Jagermeister with a little bit of
cranberry juice that is the bloody
winter definitely check that out if
you're a Jager fan if you're not eager
fan pass also just wanted to mention
quickly for those we got
I don't need it was like I did this
second episode last week which was what
Wednesday and I said look if you tell us
what you pay for a book DVDs t-shirts
what would you like we would give away
three of these things I'm still looking
for an efficient way of shipping them
because I try test shipping to somebody
if you ever heard of the tequila
Whisperer Google that I forego - tequila
whisper comm they do or he does his
name's lippy hi does a live tequila
tasting so I like to jump in on those
and Thursday nights and I sent him one
so he could show it off to his crew and
$23 to ship this thing it's ten bucks so
I gotta find a better better method
before I send those out but I appreciate
all the feedback I'll talk a little bit
more about that tomorrow so this doesn't
go to too long comments of the day is
connecting oh there we go
I'm totally hooked on this show this is
from chop man that maybe just likes the
Chop slap shop I am totally hooked on
this show I discovered it by accident
and now I can't stop watching even even
the episodes with drinks I wouldn't
necessarily enjoy I always enjoy the
show and the host great job great job
isn't camps that's screaming on the
internet thank you I appreciate all the
feedback of the people who are now
leaving this is a new comment people
were continually logging into iTunes and
leaving us some comments that's awesome
I'm host Airacobra what you want to do
though is no my point here and tell you
to check out everyday drinkers TV which
you should but that's our show I got a
banner so if you haven't seen alcohol by
volume that's what it looks like so
prepare to see a lot of that
I'm your host Eric Schumer and I'm
teaching you how to drink